Updated PHP wrapper (#49)
Instamojo/instamojo-php: README.md

Assists you to programmatically create, edit and delete Links on Instamojo in PHP.

**Note**: 
* If you are using other version of instamojo-php you can refer to their docs from appropriate link below
  * [v1.1](docs/v1.1)

> * If you're using this wrapper with our sandbox environment `https://test.instamojo.com/` then you should pass `true` as third argument to the `Instamojo` class while initializing it. `client_id` and `client_secret` token for the same can be obtained from https://test.instamojo.com/developers/ (Details: [Test Or Sandbox Account](https://instamojo.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/208485675-Test-or-Sandbox-Account)).

Reviewer: Rephrase the sentence so that it is easier to understand..
* If you're using this wrapper with our sandbox environment `https://test.instamojo.com/` then pass third argument of `Instamojo::init' method as 'true'. `client_id` and `client_secret` token for the same can be obtained from https://test.instamojo.com/developers/ (Details: [Test Or Sandbox Account](https://instamojo.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/208485675-Test-or-Sandbox-Account)).

```php

> $authType = "app/user" /**Depend on app or user based authentication**/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$authType = 'app/user' /**Depend on app or user based authentication**/
Or if the comment is not for any specific testing/documentation tool, use single line comment like..
$authType = 'app/user' // Depend on app or user based authentication
```

$api = Instamojo\Instamojo::init($authType,[
        "client_id" =>  'XXXXXQAZ',
        "client_secret" => 'XXXXQWE',

>         "username" => 'FOO', /** In case of user based authentication**/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use single quote for static strings in Php wherever possible. It is more efficient & is consistent with the code style / standards
```

        "password" => 'XXXXXXXX' /** In case of user based authentication**/
       

>     ],true); /** true for sandbox enviorment**/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ],true); /** true for sandbox environment**/
```

}
```

> This will give you JSON object containing details of the Payment Request that was just created with `longurl` key provide you instamojo-payment-url.

Reviewer 2: Grammatically incorrect. Please rectify

Author: @mojodhanesh  you want method name to be paymentRequestCreate instead of createPaymentRequest ?

Reviewer 2: Read the last 7 words, they make no grammatical sense

### Recommended seamless checkout Option

>  You can render your Instamojo checkout form and collect payments on your webpage with just the instamojo-payment-url obtained in `createPaymentRequest()` using JS based seamless checkout library. To know more how its work [Click here](https://docs.instamojo.com/page/seamless-checkout).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 You can render the Instamojo checkout form and collect payments on your webpage using the instamojo-payment-url obtained from `createPaymentRequest()` using our JS based seamless checkout library. To know more about how it works [Click here](https://docs.instamojo.com/page/seamless-checkout).
```

## Payment Request Creation Parameters

### Required
  * `purpose`: Purpose of the payment request.
  * `amount`: The amount for the request. The minimum amount is 9. And the maximum is 200000.

### Optional
  * `buyer_name`: Name of the payer.
  * `email`: Email of the payer. 
  * `phone`: Phone number of the payer.
  * `send_email`: Set this to `true` if you want to send email to the payer if email is specified. If email is not specified then an error is raised. (default value: `false`)
  * `send_sms`: Set this to `true` if you want to send SMS to the payer if phone is specified. If phone is not specified then an error is raised. (default value: `false`)
  * `redirect_url`: set this to a thank-you page on your site. Buyers will be redirected here after successful payment.
  * `webhook`: set this to a URL that can accept POST requests made by Instamojo server after successful payment.
  * `allow_repeated_payments`: To disallow multiple successful payments on a Payment Request pass `false` for this field. If this is set to `false` then the link is not accessible publicly after first successful payment, though you can still access it using API(default value: `true`).

>   * `partner_fee_type` : Allows you to receive a cut from from payments you facilitate. For fixed fee set this to `fixed`, or for percentage fee set it to `percent`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `partner_fee_type` : Allows you to receive a cut from the payments you facilitate. For fixed fee set this to `fixed`, or for percentage fee set it to `percent`.
```

>   * `partner_fee` : This describes the fee that you would collect. It can be either a fixed amount, or a percentage of the original amount, depending on the value of `partner_fee_type`.

Reviewer 2: this piece doesn't mention the data type of the value (double in this case)

}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

This will give you JSON object containing details of the Payment.

Here `['PAYMENT ID']` is the value of `'id'` key returned by the `getPayments()` query.

### Create a Gateway Order

```php
try {
    $response = $api->createGatewayOrder(array(
      "name" => "XYZ",
      "email" => "abc@foo.com",
      "phone" => "99XXXXXXXX",
      "amount" => "200",
      "transaction_id" => 'TXN_ID', /**transaction_id is unique Id**/
      "currency" => "INR"
    ));
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

This will give you JSON object containing details of the order in `order` key and payments options in `payment_options` key.

### Create a Gateway Order For payment request

```php
try {
    $response = $api->createGatewayOrderForPaymentRequest($payment_request_id, array(
      "name" => "XYZ",
      "email" => "abc@foo.com",
      "phone" => "99XXXXXXXX",
    ));
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```
`$payment_request_id` id the `id` key obtained in `createPaymentRequest()` method.

> This will give you JSON object containing with created `order_id` key.

Reviewer 2: incorrect grammar

Here `['ORDER ID']` is the value of `'id'` key returned by the `createGatewayOrder()` query.

### Get a list of all Gateway Order

```php
try {
    $response = $api->getGatewayOrders(); 
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

This will give you an array containing Gateway Orders details so far.

getGatewayOrders() also accepts optional parameters for pagination.

```php
getGatewayOrders($limit=null, $page=null)
```

For example:

```php
$response = $api->getGatewayOrders(50, 1);
```

### Create a Refund for a payment

```php
try {
    $response = $api->createRefundForPayment($payment_id, array(
      "type" => "RFD",
      "body" => "XYZ reason of refund",
      "refund_amount" => "10",
      "transaction_id" => "TNX_XYZ"
    ));
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

This will give you JSON object containing refund details in `refund` key.

### Get the details of a Refund

```php
try {
    $response = $api->getRefundDetails(['REFUND ID']);
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

> This will give you JSON object containing details of the  Refund.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will give you JSON object containing details of the Refund.
```

### Get a list of all Refunds

```php
try {
    $response = $api->getRefunds(); 
    print_r($response);
}
catch (Exception $e) {
    print('Error: ' . $e->getMessage());
}
```

> This will give you an array containing Refunds  details so far.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will give you an array containing Refunds details so far.
```
